um you're not bigger they're smaller
mini Oreo is your child protected for
the future Gerber the baby people you've
known since you were an infant offers
you a way to help with that protection
through their grow up plan for children
it's a $5,000 cash value insurance
program that costs less than a dollar a
week at age 21 that protection doubles
to ten thousand dollars with absolutely
no increase in premiums in addition to
automatically doubling at age 21 the
plan also guarantees the right to fifty
thousand dollars of insurance by age 28
regardless of health or occupation so
call now for your free information
package any healthy child 12 and under
is eligible to apply no medical
examination is necessary simply answer a
few questions has a special feature your
first month's premium is $1.00 the
Gerber Life grow up plan to show that
you care call now call 1 800 662 help
cool they think that taking over our
planet is gonna be easy
I'm gonna prove them wrong
dead wrong first way from the beginning
starting tomorrow at 8:00 on Syfy now TV
music for you presents the very best of
Bobby Vinton 30 favorites from the king
of romance our take heart
mr. lonely
bring home the very best of Bobby Vinton
on two cassettes or two CDs from TV
music for you here's how to order
call this toll-free number now to order
Bobby Vinton two cassettes $19.99 two
CDs $24.99 plus shipping and handling
have your credit card ready and call now
bro Chronicle
Rosana ko how may I help you we've got a
super hero sighting in Times Square I
love a man in tights you reporters at
The Chronicle uncover the truth hey
monkey girls oh yeah Pig boys in his
office hang on there's a visual I didn't
need no matter how strange it gives oh
your time traveler and you won't mind
waiting place whole original series
return The Chronicle all new episodes
beginning Friday at 9:00 on Syfy it's
not clear it's new we stand on the
bridge and no one may pass we do not
retreat
we're Rangers we live for the one
for the one
legend of the Rangers January 19th at
9:00 on sci-fi
Oh